well howdy there Internet people its
bill again and we're back I'm not sure
what happened one of the jointing out in
the country completely the lost
political spectrum question yeah
completely lost signal I don't know what
went down okay so if you're gonna do
that and you're gonna be looking for a
political spectrum test I would make
sure that it's not only left and right
but also up and down you have the
authoritarian and libertarian axis as
well and in a lot of ways that's more
important that is much more important
you have for example if you have people
that are on the far bottom of that and
they're very very anti-authoritarian far
right and far left they may not like
each other but they can actually coexist
it they may not get along however they
can think they can still be in the same
area without an issue so definitely make
sure it's got more than just left and
right there's there's multiple
dimensions to that wait what I did what
roaming gnome oh you're talking
you're talking about Trump I was like I
don't remember doing that I mean I was
kind of crazy when I was younger but I
did nothing like that that I'm aware
blackberries are doing great
they're doing great and the strawberries
that we planted in the bags are actually
starting to sprout out and do pretty
well what are the first steps to
organize in Milwaukee I have no idea you
know each each community each city is
different and that's one of the things
when we go back on the road when we go
on the road that's one of the things we
want to do is go to different
communities and try to be there on the
ground level and try to assist in
starting up community networks one of
the cool things that may be happening
here is there's a little town nearby
where somebody was kind of kind of moved
to push the local government the city
government to allow them to put in fruit
trees and berry bushes and do a food
forest type of thing on a golf course
that the city owns like on the border
where people walk by and this is a this
is a town that has I want to say its
average income is like half that of the
average of the US and so they're moving
to do that they've reached out through
another person on YouTube and we may end
up doing a fundraiser and event for them
so they can actually get it if the city
gives them permission to do it where
we're gonna try to help them get all the
stuff they need as a flirting Gators or
Seminoles well I used to live in
Gainesville I'll tell you that again I
don't I don't follow sports but if I had
to pretend to actually care much I've
got a Gators t-shirt somewhere in that
giant collection
I heard one of your videos you said the
burning wasn't a Democratic Socialist no
not that he's not a Democratic Socialist
he's not a socialist he's more of a
social democrat so socialism who's your
daddy is healthcare a human right yeah
yeah
the socialism really doesn't start until
the person is advocating for worker
control of the means of production now
that can mean a lot of things and we're
starting to see some hybrid between kind
of capitalism and kind of socialism but
Bernie is is the closest we have to a
leftist in the United States but he's
still not really a leftist he's not
advocating for worker control of the
means of production and that to me
that's where the line is until you start
talking about that you you're still
operating in the system of capitalism so
you're not really leftist
that's on a controversial controversial
researchers that present an alternate an
alternate narrative at the scientific
consensus I I don't know the person
you're asking about in particular I'm
I'm leery I read just about anything but
I do tend to look at I do tend it when
you're talking about scientific issues I
tend to look at consensus a whole lot
more and value that a lot
I've seen people propose theories in in
my field that that sound good and they
look good but when other people that are
in that field look at it they're like no
this is actually horrible and that this
is why I have to assume that same thing
happens in other fields
so I am a little a little leery of
anything that isn't taken seriously by
other people in the field there's any
merit to the idea but basically do IRL
what you do in your videos - yeah
absolutely
I had to stop because I don't say that
word
but yeah that's I do I mean I do I have
a community network when we go on tour -
or thing to say we go on the road that's
uh that's what we're gonna be doing is
we're gonna be setting up this community
networks that are voluntary and
consensus oriented and about
establishing you know a system that
doesn't really have a hierarchy that
yeah I mean that is what it is it is
possible to to do that
Kevin Meyerson no it's not a bad word
but it's a word that in the United
States is very charged and people don't
it scares people because they don't
really think of it as a philosophy they
think of it as a riot
most people deep down if you talk to
them about their beliefs that is what
they are they just don't know it so it
looks like the stream is cutting in and
out again so we may have to call this
one early tonight
but we're gonna go on for a little bit
how does the guard come in my garden is
doing fantastic and it's it's continuing
to grow I actually put in some more
trees as well
a stream is fine there okay that's about
the sunni-shia let me off with anything
easy tonight
Nathan gates how do you eliminate
monopoly power through the way people
themselves look at things if you're not
looking at your motive isn't to
accumulate wealth and power but to
better your community you're not gonna
have to regulate it because everybody's
goal is going to be that you have to
literally change the way people think
that's why this is not a it's not an
event it's not something I expect to see
in my lifetime it's something that you
have to build towards generationally the
shia-sunni divide that's a that's that's
all really tough conversation I would
say that although most of the countries
that the u.s. seems to dislike on the
international stage are Shia if you look
historically most of the actual bad
actors are Sunni but even that's too
broad they're they're coming from a
specific sect they're coming from a
hobby Salafi they're they're coming from
that sect but again you can't really
generalize it like that because even
within that there it's not it's not all
of them so it's it's very hard to have
that conversation without appearing to
scapegoat and you don't want to do that
because it not just is it bad you know
to stereotype people it's also
ineffective because then you start
casting one group as that and then they
just the the bad actors just say there's
somebody else and then the only people
you have left that are actually
identifying is that aren't doing
anything wrong let's see you worried
about civil unrest I can't say that it's
not possible I don't for a long time you
know just how you see a lot of comments
on in YouTube that are tough guy
comments the the political commentary is
also the same way so there's a whole lot
of people that are talking crazy that
doesn't mean they're actually going to
do anything crazy at any point
thank you conversations
okay arash arash i guess you didn't see
my last question but I don't mind
supporting again sorry my question was
do you think we can get our credibility
back anytime soon if you're talking
about on the international stage yeah
we've got at least a decade of really
hard work ahead us and it's got to be
done by people who really know what
they're doing and are actually vested in
in helping and restoring that
credibility now ideally since we have
been a reset in a lot of ways we can
change the way we conduct our foreign
policy you know for decades we've been
the world's policemen it might be better
to be the world's EMT and if we can
shift that and you know maintain our
influence through humanitarian aid
rather than military force I think we'd
be a whole lot better off I think we'd
be better off and I think it's something
that's possible and more possible oddly
enough the more Trump screws up our
foreign policy we're kind of gonna be
given a blank slate
let's see citizens united yeah that was
horrible
I was investing what company what a
short because I'm old I'm more of a
tangible asset person if I was investing
do I have an opinion on Medicare for all
I honestly you know when you look at the
plans that people throw out that's not
how there'll ever be enacted in real
life I think that we should have
universal health care
I don't know if the medicare-for-all
plan is the right plan and I don't think
that just like Obamacare wasn't really
the solution I don't think that the next
one is really going to be the solution
in the United States we're gonna
introduce something find the flaws with
it
introduce something else find the flaws
with it and go from there and just
continue to improve it I hope I think
the economy will crash or just go into a
recession I mean there is still the
possibility that it rebounds it's
possible that this could stop here just
as a correction and and just take the
the overvaluation out of the market
I think that's likely no I think we're
headed into a recession can they make it
worse yeah absolutely and they could
definitely turn it into a depression if
if they wanted to or just through sheer
incompetence either of those are
possible but where I'm at now I think it
will probably trigger a recession and
and that's where we'll end up what's the
deal with the airplane food I don't know
I wouldn't be on a plane right now it
seems like a bad idea
paying the awesome thoughts on the ER a
equal rights amendment
um let's see what is it close to being
are we anywhere closer to it that's been
on the table a really long time and yeah
it's a fantastic idea whether or not
it'll ever go through at this point I
just kind of give up it's gonna it may
end up being one of those things it's
gonna have to be forced through consumer
action and the states
so the past in Virginia another person
infected yeah I think there's probably a
lot of people that are that don't know
it yet I again even you know we're
focusing on those people to get
hospitalized the reality is that most
people don't in fact we were joking
because I've been sick the last few days
and I was actually somewhere where I
mean it's theoretically possible and if
you are in decent health that may be all
it is it may just seem like a really bad
flu it doesn't always trigger all of
these horrible love outcomes so how do
you keep up with comet feet I don't I
doubt it's horrible it's really hard
how do you explain failure to successful
people poverty um it's hard you know
there are a lot of people who you know
your stressors are relative you know if
you are middle-class in the US and your
truck breaks down okay
and you you got to spend 500 bucks to go
get you know whatever kind of work done
to it that's that's a stressor for you
now imagine trying to complain about
that to somebody who's homeless there's
there's a level of relativity there and
it a lot of times it really can't be
overcome until they see it until they
actually understand it poverty is one of
those things that if you've never
experienced it if you've never been
broke you really don't know what it's
like boom or your favorite journalist to
follow I I tend to read I tend to read
pretty much anything I get my hands on
and I also try to avoid looking at by
lines so I'm not tainted when I read
something I don't like to think oh well
I really like this person so I'm gonna
to focus on what I'm gonna read their
stuff and way a little bit more than I
would somebody else's
do I think it will destroy the
Democratic Party when they cheat Bernie
I like that it's not even an if now yeah
yeah I think that if they do if he walks
in there with the majority of not not
even a clear majority of a plurality of
the delegates if he has the most walking
in and he doesn't get the nomination I I
do I think a lot of people are going to
stay home I think they're gonna lose the
election and I think that they will I
think that they will suffer for it from
a very long time and I it's a
possibility that they still defeat Trump
without Bernie it is but I don't know I
don't know that there are many
candidates well it all depends on
negative voter turnout from where I'm
sitting that's why Hillary lost it's not
that people were necessarily voting for
Trump it's that they were voting against
Hillary if there are enough people who
are upset with Trump
you know Biden might be right you may be
able to run Mickey Mouse and defeat him
which and in many cases I prefer Mickey
Mouse to a lot of the candidates the end
of the wall socialism means the
government taking control of the means
of production not workers to some people
yeah well you know when that comes up
it's like I want to say it was Rubio
that said recently he's like you know if
you like Bernie the the government is
gonna be regulating health care in the
Internet and and I'm over here like they
already are it's a matter of degrees by
theory aundre's hi from Cuba hi
the theory versus the the practical
applications they're always there's
always different there's always a
difference you know it's like you'll run
into people who will say we've never had
a communist country and that's true not
not by the actual theory it's it's never
happened but we've had countries that
have claimed that banner so I mean it's
a debate to be had but it's definitely a
philosophical one more than a practical
one
do you see getting money out of politics
any time soon not anytime soon not to be
honest to be honest no thoughts on
transhumanism I'll give a shout-out to a
journalist Ford Fisher this is like his
thing I I mean
augmenting your body for those who don't
know transhumanism are people who are
literally trying to hack their own body
and you know like cyborg type stuff it's
cool it's cool in theory I don't have an
ethical issue with it at all
I know some people there or have ethical
and moral questions about it I don't if
that's something you want to do more
power to you do I think that there can
be bad effects from it absolutely
absolutely especially until the the
research that's being done isn't being
done in kind of a back alley way I'm
writing in Boerne no matter what I've
said before I think AOC is a powerhouse
in the making I've compared her to Ron
Paul not in her philosophy obviously but
and the effect that she can have on US
politics if she puts her she puts her
mind to it and gets reelected just one
more time I think she'll be I think
she'd be a lock for a while
it's the antonio miller how do we get
more people to live like marine brats
without having to enlist be in the
family i don't know i don't know i think
the idea is that it would help with
seeing people that aren't like you as
human instead of being the other
traveling yeah you know travel is a
great vaccination against bigotry and at
all kinds of things it's hard to think
of people is different when you you live
a manga i don't know how we would do
that maybe encourage travel abroad you
know but this is one of those things
that we have to address as we're
addressing income inequality and a whole
bunch of other stuff because the only
way i know to do that is to actually
travel tough guys TV thank you
canceling the Olympics if it's not
contained in the next month that's
probably a good idea again one of the
big concerns is that the the more it's
transmitted the the more it can alter
and right now it's annoying it it's it's
something that is causing a little bit
of havoc but it isn't incredibly fatal
if it becomes more fatal than it's gonna
be a real issue and that's not to
downplay the death so that have occurred
it's just that when we're talking about
humanity at large it's not a threat it's
not a threat let's see if the coda way
and do you think are well armed populace
is functioning as a check on tyranny I
do not give in the pretty steady erosion
of our rights I think it could I
definitely believe in a well-armed
populace I think that anybody who is
capable and fit to own a firearm
probably should I think they should have
how to use it it is a check it's a hedge
is it being used that way right now no
no it's not it's being ignored mainly
because that crowd has at this moment
become more authoritarian so they're
more apt to act as the goon squad for a
tyrannical government then then oppose
it but the fact that they are available
means that those who would oppose it
have the ability see just lost one
I'm glad it's ah you're my favorite
political commentator keep it up yeah
you know I never know what to say when
people say anything nice
I will not Google that what's the story
behind what's the story behind my name
it's a nickname it's a nickname ice
opinions on a streamer destiny I
actually so yeah I am red tubes weird
uncle sadly I don't know who a whole lot
of them are I I don't have an opinion on
a lot of them because maybe I've never
seen them or maybe I've only seen him
once and don't know enough to have an
opinion
so Bose a nickname and the again if you
don't know the story of how this started
had the channel started I'm a journalist
actually was my job until this year
that's pretty much what I did all the
time and I hid my accent and eventually
people I was drinking and it came out
and they were like oh wow you really
have to tell people that you know you're
a redneck and I made a joke using the
nickname Bo wearing overalls sitting on
a tractor just really overplayed the the
redneck and that that's where this
channel came from it started as a joke
and then I realized that I guess people
could spot the authenticity because I
also made videos using a non regional
accent what one a lot like you heard in
the satire the recent satire video
and it was very evident that people
responded more to me talking like this
then then with than hiding it I think
we're at a point now where people are so
tired of the standardized format of
presenting everything that they're
wanting something a little more
authentic and I think that's what kind
of made this work again it really was
supposed to be a joke and it just it
blew out of it it just blew up it's
really entertaining to me are you
surprised by the success you've had
every single day every day
you know I I had a lot of success as a I
wrote I was a print journalist and I had
a lot of success with it and in a year
this is dwarfed everything I ever did as
far as reach as far as impact and that's
why I got into it I didn't get into it
for a job as far as journalism I got
into it because it was something I had
the skill set for and I thought I could
make a difference and when this
opportunity kind of fell into my lap I
felt like I had to take it but now I
never expected this to be honest
Jake nickels anyone in chat no s Seattle
area daycare there you go okay ever
thought of interviewing contre points or
other big I would love to interview
contra points to be honest I know
there's old there's a whole bag of stuff
to unpack there and that then that she's
been involved in some scandals I am
really really interested in knowing it
how would her process is how she comes
up with what she's going to present
because I watch I've seen it actually
work and D radicalize people and I want
to know how she does it
I know I know that's weird but that's
something I'm really interested in
knowing about who is your favorite
president and why Teddy Roosevelt for
nothing to do with politics to be honest
the myth you know I like the myth and I
know that he like all presidents has
done did some horrible horrible things
but he exemplifies positive masculinity
maccabe's tack do you think blacks
should vote blue no matter who even if
it's bloom better than w no idea I don't
buy into blue no matter who for anybody
I think you know for the policies not
the person definitely not the party
so I
I'm also not you know I'm a pathetic
I can understand in general some of the
issues to face that community but I
don't know them enough to say this is
who you need to vote for her
Joey J you keep me sane and I always
thank you iced are those HyperX cloud
two headphones I have no idea I got the
one step by my son told me work I'm such
a boomer when it comes to technology I
don't know
I have no idea what they are B how do
you feel about the political ads that
are targeting your channel I actually
don't mind it so if you haven't noticed
there are a lot of times where I will be
critiquing Trump and a Trump ad will
show up in the video after the video I
don't mind it I think that I present my
ideas better than anything a 60 second
YouTube ad can can can do and if I'm
going to I would much rather be funded
by politicians and take their money then
like let's say a charity group you know
if a charity group advertises they're
paying to be to have their ad before my
video and while that's probably the
appropriate demographic for them to
reach at the same time if they sent me
an email
I talked about there's there's no reason
for them to pay for that they can use
that money for something else and I if
they're gonna if politicians I don't
like are going to spend their money on
advertising I like that it's
somewhere where the other side is being
presented at the same time okay a whole
bunch of people are asking about the
stuff in Canada right now I'm gonna
suggest you you follow somebody named XE
and follow her on Twitter she's pumping
out a lot of stuff about it and is going
to be more authoritative on it than the
one I have gonna be more informed and
have more access so I would go there
it's not something that because of the
differences between their the the
natives here and I guess first peoples
there I'm not up to date and there are
different there there's a lot of nuances
as far as the way they're treated and
the way the law enforcement interacts
with them here and there that I'm not up
to date on like I could tell you if that
was sitting here on a rez that would
that would ya know that we that would
probably spin outta control really quick
you know it appears that they have a lot
more autonomy here if they're supposed
to have that level of autonomy up there
I'm surprised that it hasn't gotten out
of hand yet so Jacob Jacob your videos
are some of the best triggers for some
of my Republican friends to start a
discussion good you know it's funny a
lot of people will comment and they'll
say something to the effect of you know
I'm sorry I misjudged you I saw the way
you looked
you know I made a snap decision and
thought that you would be a trump
supporter and you know I apologize for
feeding into that stereotype and I'm
over here like no dough because if you
did that that means somebody who is a
trump supporter saw that thumbnail I was
like hey this guy's gonna think like I
do click on it and once they heard it
they can't unhear it so I don't mind
that at all Bell Mexi did I just see
that Emmy Xie I think she honestly she's
somebody that uh I would follow anyway
regardless of that like separate from
this as well she has put out a lot of
videos that are they're a little more
scholarly in their presentation that
then my informal thing but the
information and it is really really good
you were on Russian TV how many rubles
does the Kremlin pay you a bit on a lot
of I I was on Russian TV because I got
waterboarded that that's why I was on
they did not pay me anything I do not
accept any money from any government and
have not in a very very long time
see 15 years and none of it had to do
with journalism
are you on Twitter yes it's bo TF c @ bo
t FC do i think hey groups will ever go
away yeah I have to did this otherwise
feel like if I didn't think they
wouldn't go away there'd be no point
fighting I have to believe that
eventually they will are you going to
use patreon more yes so now that carries
on board and the people on patreon are
actually funding that so now that she's
on board I have more time so I will
start using the discord more often and
she started this week so I'll be using
the discord more often and I'm going to
try to put together some some patreon
incentives I guess would be the way to
do it something to interact a little bit
they're more my thing is I don't want to
put any any hard content behind a
paywall
so it's actually become very hard for me
to to come up with something to kind of
give to patreon
I don't want as much as I talk of huck
class being the issue i don't want to
create a class divide i think what i may
end up doing is start doing like maybe
once a month do a livestream that's just
made
or something like that and then release
it later but it's hard because I really
that's that's something I'm firmly
against is putting any type of actual
content useful content you know
important content behind a paywall
mcdermott insert clever comment here is
it true you used to be a contractor yeah
if so what makes you quit it occurred in
phases at one point I just stopped doing
anything related to the government and
then I went more private then let's just
say PTSD caught up with me and I started
slowing and then and then there was one
incident that just kind of ended it for
for a while and then after let's just
say a forced vacation I had no interest
in going back that's one of the things
it's that's one of the few industries
that if you were to get in trouble you
can go right back to work
afterward and I just did not want to do
it again I didn't really want to do it
at the end but before I stopped what do
you think of American volunteer fighters
in the Middle East I gotta be careful
about how I phrase the answer to this I
think that people should do what they
feel is right and necessary and I
greatly respect those people that do I
don't want to say I don't want to say
yeah go do this because of the way
certain laws are contractor is a nice
way of saying mercenary or like no
no yes but no there's a lot of nuance to
that a mercenary will literally work for
anybody that's that's what that means
contractors won't contractors are
typically a little better better trained
and better at making decisions that
that's it seems like it's just a
sanitized term but there there is a
there there is an actual difference in
there in the definition how to stay
positive and not hate life despite the
state of the world Thank You Glen B what
do you think the government should do to
combat climate change a lot starting
like now yeah I think that we're going
to have to have a major shift a major
major mobilization we're talking about
like AOC set yeah we're talking about a
world war two style mobilization where
we shift a lot of aspects of our economy
and our production to do it can will you
ever talk about your time in prison I
don't know at some point I probably will
I don't know I know it's it's not really
that interesting it's boring it really
is I've written some articles about it
at different points I don't know that
there's really that much to tell i sat
around awaited
antwon's for your hard work please keep
doing what you're doing hope things are
going well for you they are thank you
okay ping me on okay yeah I'll do a
video on contracting and and the
difference
or mercenaries at some point I'll get
something out there because there's e
there there's white grey and black as
far as contracting goes so it's not even
just contractors versus that there's
also different phases of of contracting
some are just only do stuff that's
completely legal some will work for and
only work for their home country some
will work for Allied countries some will
work for anybody but not against their
own country and when you get to the
point where you're working against your
own country or their allies that's when
you cross into mercenary territory as
far as in the common language now legal
definitions are completely different
than that
but that's when people are talking
that's what they need
have you always been about destroy so I
was quiet for a long time reading all
that have you always been about
self-sustainability or has some of this
come cause and effect I've always been
very self-reliant and advocated that a
long way I didn't know a lot about some
of the environmental issues and it's one
of those things when you get new
information that you change the way you
think and that's when I became more
about not just self-reliance but being
sustainable suicide shrimp this channel
has helped me so much it has taught me
so much it has challenged how I need to
think about things here thank you thank
you and thank you Kelly Hudson
Samuel King do you think world peace is
possible talked about a world you want
to live in I have a practical plan to
make it happen
Samuel King yeah I'm open to hearing
anything but I'm open to hearing
anything I do believe it's possible I
think it's a long time off but I think
it's possible I think we just have to
continue to work for it dem Studios do I
believe the Salvation Army is a valid
domestic they are not my first choice
that I have not donated do I have a
preferred Democratic candidate
I have candidates that have policies
that I support more than others and and
it runs the line that you you would
probably expect the more the more
radical their ideas are the more I like
them and then there's some that I don't
really see as much different than Trump
to be honest
is there a reason why you don't go deep
into economics and how far left or right
are you willing to go I tend to focus
more on the you know you have the left
and right political spectrum and then
you also have the up and down I tend to
focus on the up and down more I think
it's more effective if we get to the
downside as far as where I would like to
be the economic system really doesn't
matter it would literally play itself
out and it would play itself out
peacefully without a hierarchy without a
monopoly on force I honestly believe
that in you know my ideal world I think
it would probably be kind of a mixed
economy but it's not something I want to
argue and debate and alienate people
over I think that the settling the up
and down fight is probably more
important than the left or right in the
long run
Thank You Arthur Fletcher jr. can you
talk about fu D spell that out I'm not
sure that that can apply to a couple
different acronyms Josh college how
necessary is this day for public welfare
I don't think it is at all I think in
our current state or our current climate
yeah it is it's something that that
needs but that needs to be there but
only because we haven't shifted our
thoughts enough on the subject as far as
necessary in the sense of in order for
the public for the general public to to
be in a good place we have to have this
state interference now I don't believe
that
let's see what was your experience like
growing up did you get any of your world
personal views from your parents I moved
around a lot
my dad was military my mom was a hippie
witch yeah I mean I'm sure a lot of that
has bled through Tommy Thomas thank you
I tend to agree with you on that you've
indicated a distaste for Joe Rogan would
you ever consider going on his show if
invited I think yours would be a very
positive voice to have I you know
there's a whole lot of conversation
about that about that video I said he
said some messed up stuff later on he he
actually said that yeah he said he said
he said it in a very joe rogan way but
yeah he said the same thing I think he's
somebody who's growing if you look at
his content from years ago
and compare it today compared to today
you you can see that he is on a path
that doesn't mean that he's not gonna
veer off the path occasionally I think
we all do but yeah I'd go on it let's
see Samuel King I'm on your discord
right now when you're okay Robin does
everything any current projects your
fans can it help are there than just
sending money skills effort we can
volunteer um let's see so Kerry's given
me a lot of advice I need more visual
content means like memes if you have if
you bought a shirt put a picture of it
on Instagram and tag me and stuff like
that the
the basic advice I'm getting right now
is that I need to boost my social
interaction on social media as far as
helping out with the channel that that's
that's a big one now as far as like
projects to benefit the world at large
oh yeah there's a bunch and now that I
have somebody that can help me now that
carries on Borton and I have somebody
that can help me with the day-to-day
where we're gonna start talking about
those a lot more on the channel
you
how did your channel views start to take
off I have no idea so it started on
Facebook it started on Facebook and the
initial people sharing the videos were
my core readers and and then it took off
when it went to youtube I actually had
to be pushed into putting it on YouTube
and once I did it the first one I put on
was was a joke about burning Nikes and
it took off and I got I don't know maybe
20,000 subscribers from that and then I
stood have started putting out my more
serious content and it just grew slowly
I think that frequency had a lot to do
it
do with it I don't put I don't do any of
the I don't do any of the the little
tricks as far as posting your videos in
these different groups and all of this
stuff I've tried to let it happen
organically because what I found from
doing that with written content was if
you allow it to happen organically you
you can build the community you want I
and I and I see that that's turned out
to be true so if that's part of your
goal is to build a community stuff and
affect change in the real world I would
let it happen organically as frustrating
as that may be somebody just let's see I
have no idea how to sit Oh uncle UT okay
wish you could own Chris Matthews MSNBC
I got a feelin I won't be on MSNBC
anytime soon yes I have read the jungle
you
you know we've got a lot silence right
now as I'm trying to read all of this
stuff it's worth reading I would just
understand that it's it's probably not
the basis for a entire political
philosophy just like anything there's
nuggets that you can take from it but
IIIi don't know that I wouldn't turn her
into an idol if you want to read so I'd
rather people read him a Goldman can you
talk about the bus ride I don't know
what that means do I think that a
greek-style yes city-state styles yeah I
think that those would emerge if we were
to have some form of stateless society
see if Bernie is elected do you think
he'll increase the amount of the
executive power even if he is well
intentioned I don't know and honestly
that's one of my main reservations I
truly believe that we need somebody who
is going to take the executive power
that has been granted to the presidency
use it and then give it up that's that's
something that I truly think is its most
important there they're gonna have to
use it to undo
everything that Trump did and they give
it up and yeah I don't know I don't know
him well enough I've never had any
personal interactions to make a judgment
on whether or not he is somebody that
has that level of integrity and we're
talking about that much power can be
intoxicating we're not just talking
about somebody having a standard level
of integrity or being an honorable
person we're talking about somebody
willing to go and literally surrender
power immense power that requires
something much more than most people
have
so you're gonna opinion of the nudie and
I I didn't know there was one it's not a
high opinion if you talk about the new
Director of National Intelligence that
that's not a political position it
shouldn't be that that's a position that
requires somebody that are truly that's
truly skilled in that area and that's
not what was appointed I think it's a
horrible mistake I think it's a horrible
mistake do I think that corporate
overreach might be a bigger threat to
individual liberty and freedom than
government overreach I think it has the
potential to be what happens is you
reach a certain point of the various
control systems where there is no
difference between them where government
is that the major corporations and major
corporations are the government that's
why there's the revolving door of
employees there are a lot of major
corporations that probably have more
control over the populace then then the
actual functioning government mass media
companies in particular exercise a great
deal of control just through influence
that's its soft control but it's there
so yeah I do think that it's it's a
danger and I do believe that we we
should probably stop treating large
corporations as people
kelly fresh jay oh that reminds me today
i'm actually have to look something up
real quick so y'all stick with me if
somebody asks me to make a video for a
student turning 13 i have been able to
do it yet i want to say the name was
Gavin let's see I could find it what is
my thoughts on the future of Tesla I
definitely think that it's gonna be
around a while I think that the
conversation that had that was had
recently that which he said that it's
the end of the fighter era the end of
the fighter jet era I think he's right
yeah so real quick happy birthday Gavin
happy birthday Gavin okay
what is the future for small business
owner operators uh III think that I
think there's still a whole lot of room
you know we talk about corporate
dominance of major corporations it
depends a whole lot on the trade in the
industry but I think in most industries
there's still a lot of room for somebody
who's just starting out yeah I do think
it's Jeremy wolf yeah I do I think we're
we're switching from the age of the
fighter jet with a pilot to the age of
the drone to the fighter Drowned
thoughts on youth expressing xenophobia
towards Chinese kids how do we deal with
this as leaders um correct it correct it
this is this is something that always
happens with any new disease with any
new anything anything that's scary
it gets blanked and there's no there's
no logical reason for it it's just
something that has to be explained so
and but it is Lu miss Mendez
Wow okay so we've been at this for a
while now how do we support movements
for democracy abroad without Imperial
izing other countries
the idea is to empower make sure that
the people have the ability to make
determinations generally what we do is
we pick leaders and empower those
leaders rather than empowering the
people that's we're just choosing their
officials your opinion on worker coops
versus sea-level run I'm not sure what
sea level run means is there an
opportunity to reboot the Wobblies
absolutely absolutely I have a feeling
that we may actually see that you know
it still exists in fact there there's
even a there's a group of journalists
who are unionized in that manner
grandpa's I live in the heart of
darkness Florida first congressional
district Walton County you're a Bernie
supporter and I'm guessing too few niak
Springs or maybe Freeport
yeah god help you I'm a bear I'm very
familiar with this area yeah you're not
the lone lefty in the wilds of Northwest
Florida but they they are just a few
do I think there should be a president a
single commander or a Council III don't
my ideal doesn't have any of that my
ideal is his leadership from the bottom
I don't believe in in a hierarchical
structure at all that would be my ideal
you see there you go to the lone lefty
there's somebody else in the chat from
Crestview
that's how does a stateless society
philosophy and the handicapped fit the
idea if it's going to function if you're
going to have a state of society that
works it's going to have to it's going
to have to take care of the people in
the community and the idea is that the
community itself is going to act and
it's going to act for all people you
know people have the idea of a society
that doesn't have a powerful government
as being very chaotic that's only true
if the people making up that community
are chaotic again it has to do with
thought and how people themselves decide
to see the future and decide to work
towards the future
a Samuel King do you have a video
explaining leadership from the bottom I
have a video that explains some of the
principles it's actually a three part
series it's called like let's talk about
how to change the world or something
like that would anything make you
reconsider your position on guns I've
seen countries where the government is
authoritarian and they're the only
people with guns I don't want to say
that will never change my opinion on
that but it's gonna take some really
strong evidence there there's having all
power and just completely handing the
entire monopoly on violence to to the
government is typically doesn't end well
you know you've had exceptions to that
in the short term you know but that they
they have been around long enough to
know if it's gonna if it's gonna work so
suicide shrimp I'm fairly young and
growing up my family didn't talk about
politics I only became aware of these
the last couple of years what took place
in previous administrations that caused
this one I'm not sure if this is a good
question there there's no such thing as
a bad question I actually really do
believe that one of the things that
occurred over over time was that people
their president took a little bit more
each one took a little bit more
executive power expanded their scope a
little bit more and Congress created a
lot of agencies and authorized a lot of
agencies that were under the control of
the executive branch so it's not so much
that the
president has to enact a law anymore he
or she can just alter internal rules
related to an agency and the way they
enforce things and that's something that
that's gonna have to be that's something
that's gonna have to be changed if we
expect to get anywhere otherwise it's
just gonna continually be a pendulum
swinging back and forth do I think a
stateless society can realistically
exist in a world with multiple powers
vying for ah and this when I say this
this is not American exceptionalism if
you're going to have a stateless society
has to start here because if it starts
anywhere else we're going to invade them
the idea it would be that it would have
to start in one of those major powers
for it to last you think the biggest
threat to American democracy a failing
education system
you
James Williams if everyone was happy and
had a good job with enough time off to
deal with stress there would be very
little problems with guns probably
that's true I've got just volumes of
videos on this subject and I do agree
that it's a matter of it's a it's a
cultural issue within the gun owning
community that really needs to be
addressed
okay I'm still sitting here trying to
read and just you know on this end it
like comes through and giant like blocks
multiple messages at a time it's very
hard to to keep up with all of it
Tim Studios she said you don't think
nonviolent crimes should result the
prison sentence but I think there's a
lot of white-collar crimes that deserve
those years it's not to say they don't
require punishment it's that I would
rather see it imagine the effect of a
Bernie Madoff instead of going to prison
he's working to like on community
service projects he is losing his status
within that community serves as a more
visible reminder to that community of
what happens if you want to talk about
it from a deterrence standpoint what is
what's more of a deterrent there's a
dramatic trial and then they don't see
the person again they never think I'm
about him again or he's somebody who
continues to still show up at their
social events and he's talking about you
know working in a retirement home as
community service I think it would be a
a stronger deterrent
are you a stever orphan yes yes I am
this is a very strange question that
came in I don't know where but no I
really am in fact I proposed to my wife
that a Steve Earle concert
that romantic right also inebriated and
didn't remember doing it she had to tell
me I did it later then of course I had
to propose in a better way
see Bobbitt how would we go about
bringing this kind of words of
communities like Compton's that have
almost given up completely I don't know
I know you can have to find somebody
that actually understands that dynamic
the thing is I've been to I've been to a
lot of low-income black neighborhoods
however all of the ones that I've been
to have been very possible you know
there there was a lot of Hope in them I
haven't been to anywhere that that's
gone so I wouldn't know how I wouldn't
know that that's a challenge for
somebody that really really needs a lot
of insight into that community and there
are a lot of let's just say less
Orthodox organizations that try to reach
out in those communities and they may
they may have better better lock
talking talking about my beard splits in
the middle yeah that happens I'm not
really sure why I think it's cuz I talk
so much it opens up what the Juggalos be
and I don't know how do you feel about
trans folk and the LGBT community I'm
not sure what that question means how I
feel about them trans rights
I think I'm not I think they're a
community that is marginalized and
they're not treated fairly when he get
your t-shirts over the years over the
years I have a mass to them
can you help explain modern monetary
policy that's a night what is the most
surprising musical choices people
wouldn't realize you listen to Lady gaga
DMX
Tyler Davis Thank You trans rights
anymore UFO sightings in Gulf Breeze for
those you don't know there's there's a
there's a little area along the coast in
North Florida that's like an area 51
type thing it looks like a hotbed of
this stuff the reality is you have a
couple of large Air Force bases nearby
there they're probably there they're
probably seeing that but do I dip no I
do not dip a couple months I'm going to
be moving out and getting an apartment
with some friends any tips you need to
you need an experience that on your own
it's just no it's probably going to be a
disaster just you know that's one of the
things I think we do a lot to try to
shelter young adults from the disasters
that we know are going to happen and
rather than I think we should just kind
of encourage them to enjoy them because
your first apartment is probably going
to be a disaster but and there are a lot
of as you can see from the comments
there there are there are a lot of
pitfalls to it
that's so I actually have a question for
you for all of you is there anything
that you would like to see more of on
the channel or is there any are there
any changes that you would like to see
or anything like that I'm probably not
gonna be able to read all of these now
but I will come back through and read
them at a later date the barefaced both
yeah yeah the drunk marriage proposal
I'm not even joking about that that that
did occur does prohibition work now
debates I think there are a lot of
people out there that do debate I think
with uh my uh my format I'm not sure
that I'm the right person you know a lot
of times it has to do not just with the
message but the messenger
I'm incredibly silastic and I'm not sure
that with the current debate format on
YouTube my dead pay and my my deadpan
responses may not actually help it in
any way shape or form
interviews are coming
and although we didn't start the fire
references yeah that's that yes that's
happening that's why I went through and
if you didn't see it at the very
beginning before we lost the the stream
I went through and did all the ones that
I'd missed and that they will be put
together and so ideally what's gonna
happen is they'll be put together with
all of the links and then the the
teachers who are using that song can use
it to direct people to that so they can
watch the car the the listing of all of
them and then click on a link and take
it to that topic or to that reference
whence the bow family barbecue you know
that's actually something we've kind of
thought about not really a barbecue but
some kind of event because well there's
there's a video coming up about it
in the Rosenberg video I didn't include
over the prosecutorial misconduct so the
idea in some of this is the whole thing
was sparked by an email and the idea is
to give them a spark to to become
interested in these topics they allow
them to write reports on any any item in
the song but they end up getting the
same few items because people aren't
interested because they know nothing
about it so a lot of them they're more
references to make somebody go what and
hopefully get them interested in it so
none of those were really meant to be
exhaustive on any of those subjects
or shenanigans I'll work on increasing
the level of shenanigans occasionally do
we still have plans to go on the road
yes yeah it's it's something we're
trying to work out and it's becoming
more the logistics behind it are pretty
heavy but it's definitely something in
in the works hopefully still this summer
she'd and again assorted rigmarole yeah
that seems to be where we're headed
I mean I you know there's some people
that don't like it but hey I think it's
necessary to keep everybody saying led
really get back up with me and I will
make some calls tomorrow and this is
just a good time to bring this up there
are a lot of I get roughly like 200
messages a day and I try to write to get
through them all and I don't always and
sometimes something will fall through
the cracks so I apologize now if that
happens that's a gaming headset are you
a gamer no my son is and this is the one
he told me to get we have a lot of
ambient noise and this is something that
doesn't pick it all up when I've tried
mics before we get the bird sounds from
outside because behind this brick wall
is actually a window the brick wall
behind me is moving because it's
backdrop
does that mean my sarcasm is dad jokes I
don't know maybe of course I take advice
for my son especially on anything
technologically related
[Applause]
okay so we've hit the point where I am
actually out of stuff to talk about and
we've been going for about two hours now
so we're we're probably gonna go ahead
and in this real soon let's say so if
you got any last-minute questions that
get them in now how old is your son I've
got a bunch the one that told me about
this was he was 13 14 something yeah 14
he's 13 when he told me 14 now why do I
think the outcomes were different
between Irish and African Americans one
was eventually accepted oh now I imagine
you're talking about the parallels
between the two movements now that I
think about that not immigration to here
why were the outcomes different I think
that there was more there was more
uniting them than dividing them whereas
in the u.s. in the south it it was
beneficial to divide the it benefited
the government to keep people divided
whereas there it was it was more in the
government's interest to to establish
some sort of some form of peace
what is my preferred k9 I have big
working dogs like German Shepherds
Huskies do this live tomorrow again
we're gonna do them more often but but
probably not daily
I had a this was kind of a once in a
blue moon thing but we will have a lot
more content coming out like this all
right okay so I want to thank you guys
for chiming in and hanging out with me
tonight and I guess we will see you
again tomorrow y'all have a good night